It is difficult for many co-ingations to view videos or sync songs at our meetings.
Most of them use their personal devices and have to download their videos before the
meeting.
We pray that soon every brother and sister is able to enjoy Jehovah's spiritual food
the best way they can.
From the inspiring visions given to prophets to the powerful acts performed by Jesus, Jehovah
has used visuals to convey truth and hope.
Likewise, Jehovah's organization uses visuals to instruct.
However, not everyone has the needed equipment to fully benefit from these additional teaching
tools.
To give a direction of the governing body, the publishing committee began upgrading
the audio video equipment in Kingdom Halls across Africa.
This was no easy task.
In this report, we'll see a globally coordinated effort to address this need.
So in 2022, a team was assembled from global purchasing worldwide design construction
in World Headquarters Broadcasting.
The first thing we did was we met with the branches and we really listened to them.
We were working with more than 20 African branches.
There's 21,000 different meeting locations.
We learned that there were over 13,000 locations that needed something.
It wasn't just one item.
It was providing them a fully functional system.
This meant addressing their audio, their video, their power and their download needs.
We had to provide more than 5,500 sound kits, more than 8,000 video kits, more than 9,000
power banks, and over 8,000 satellite dish kits.
Everyone was different and needed a different solution.
As the scope of this massive project became clear, one question loomed.
Where are we going to get all of this equipment?
Our suppliers needed to produce materials at a faster rate than they had ever done before,
greater quantities, and with less people, it ultimately seemed impossible.
We would talk amongst ourselves and even with the suppliers, and get their feedback on
how to deal with those challenges, and then bring the matters to Jehovah and Prayer
and make a final decision.
When there was a global shortage of certain materials, we had them.
We could continue to produce what we needed.
We met deadline after deadline.
The next big hurdle is now transporting thousands of items to over 13,500 Kingdom Halls.
We had to figure out how to get equipment from all over the world with different lead
times, delivered into all of these thousands of locations, when these countries also
have different import and custom regulations.
It was mind-boggling.
Jehovah and Jesus were the only ones that knew how to make this happen, and that's exactly
what they did.
The first day we received the letter, others immediately gave names of those who should
coordinate this initiative.
We would set up 10% of over 40% at the Kingdom Halls or Homes of Practice.
The brothers drove a long way to the 10% through unfavorable conditions, yet they were
not concerned as to the conditions that they were driving through.
Because they knew that when they get rid of this equipment, it would change their face
of their Christian meetings.
The economic and transportation conditions in the country are super challenging, and so
it's been very, very difficult for the brothers, but this challenge has not stopped them from
getting their equipment back out to the congregations.
Many locations are difficult and hard to reach with no road access.
Other brothers use bicycles traveling many, many kilometers.
They are really determined to get this equipment to the congregations.
Our brothers and sisters are eager to start using these kits, but most are not audio
video technicians.
In each branch, volunteers were selected to help with this very task.
I'm Katia, and this is my husband, Chamele.
It's a huge privilege for me to work on this project and install the audio video equipment
for this congregation.
Traveling from one congregation to another is challenging.
Sometimes we take two days driving on roads full of potholes to get to the next congregation,
but when we get there, the reception from your brothers is so warm.
They dance, sing, and cook tasty food for us.
We forget all about the challenges we faced during the trip.
In this congregation, we will install a JW box and satellite kit.
We will install a frame for the projector and leave two speakers for them so that they
can listen very well to the meetings.
Now we're going to install and train the brothers to use the equipment.
World Headquarters provides a guide that helps us a lot.
In this congregation, they keep the equipment at home because it's not safe to leave it
in the Kingdom Hall.
This means they have to install and uninstall the equipment at every meeting.
Other congregations usually keep the equipment in different houses because it's not safe
to leave it all in the same house.
Working together on this project, help me to understand that Jehovah is a God that sees
his people.
His eyes can reach the brothers wherever they are.
Can you imagine what it was like at the first meeting with their new audio video equipment?
There's still so much work to do.
New requests for equipment continue to pour in.
All of this is possible because of the volunteers motivated by love and the generous donations
from you, our worldwide brotherhood.
But most important, this is possible because Jehovah, the God of powerful visuals, wants
all of us to hear and see the truth.